[THEME MUSIC]
>>DAVID WILCOCK: I'm
your host, David Wilcock.
And marijuana is legal in
Colorado, where we're filming.
And I want to be clear
that this smoke was
generated in a 100%
[THROAT CLEARING] legal manner.
This is a safe place
where we can talk.
And I want to talk
to you about who
is making a difference
in this world
by blowing the whistle on
some of the greatest coverups
and conspiracies of our time.
There's a lot more to this
subject than most of us
would ever imagine.
And one of the keys
is the whistleblower
named Dr. James Glattfelder.
>>JAMES GLATTFELDER:
When the crisis came,
the serious
limitations of existing
economic and financial models
immediately became apparent.
>>DAVID: He worked for the Swiss
Federal Institute of Technology
and published a paper in 2011.
Now the Swiss Federal
Institute of Technology
is actually where
Albert Einstein taught.
It is a very
prestigious institution.
In fact, it is one of the
most important universities
in Europe.
Dr. James Glattfelder put
together an impressive body
of research by
computer analyzing
a database of over 40,000
transnational corporations.
All the biggest
companies in the world.
And what Dr. James Glattfelder
discovered through his research
should be completely
shocking to you
if you haven't already
heard this before.
He scientifically proved
that at the highest level
the world is being controlled
by a very small group of 147
corporations that he
called a super-entity.
The very highest level
corporations in this group
are those financial
institutions and banks
that are responsible for what
we call the Federal Reserve.
The American dollar
was privatized back
all the way in 1913
by an act of Congress,
where Congress signed over its
ability to print and generate
its own money to a private
group of international bankers.
And what has happened
in the ensuing century
is that the dollar has
depreciated in value by 96%.
So the brave whistleblowers
who are telling us
that the Federal
Reserve is behind a lot
of these problems in the world
should be taken seriously.
Glattfelder [THROAT CLEARING]
cleared the smoke
on this whole mystery
of whether or not
there is some man
behind the curtain.
And it turns out that
there absolutely is.
The whistleblowers are giving
us valuable information
that we really do need to have.
Edward Snowden is
only one example
of a trend that is going to
get more and more popular.
After Edward Snowden told us
that the NSA had been listening
to our calls, then we find out
that many whistleblowers had
been telling us this all along.
And it's only now that
they're being taken seriously.
Edward Snowden is only
just the beginning.
I do believe, based on a very
comprehensive estimate of what
we know, that the NSA
disclosures represent
less than 1% of the
most important things
that there are to know about
the real truth in our world.
And just like Snowden,
later on, once these things
become public, once
we have the government
finally be forced
to tell the truth,
because they don't tell
the truth willingly.
They didn't tell the truth
willingly with Snowden.
They fought it every
step of the way.
But the information
just kept coming out
and coming out and coming out.
In much the same
way, we're going
to have things emerge that will
become common knowledge that we
didn't know before.
Project Camelot.
I did several interviews
with Project Camelot,
and I owe a great
debt of gratitude
to Kerry Cassidy and
Bill Ryan for being
responsible for dramatically
increasing my exposure by doing
those Camelot videos.
And we are in the process of
bringing in many of the Camelot
videos so that they can also
be seen here on Gaiam TV.
We don't need to
get bogged down too
much in the so-called conspiracy
theory, which usually ends up
being conspiracy fact.
Yes, we know there's a cabal.
We know they're
controlling the media,
the government, the military.
This is not news.
Not all the media is
being controlled, however.
I have worked for major
media on ancient aliens,
and in that program I've
been able to get out
many, many things that
are going out there.
So please don't fall
under the illusion
that everybody is in on
it and that everybody
is equally culpable.
But again, government
conspiracy, occult power
groups, Freemasons, Illuminati.
All that kind of stuff
is not the big picture.
If you wait for the government
to tell you the truth,
you're far off in the distance.
You've long since
lost the thread
of what the big picture
really is about.
And ultimately, the big
picture is a spiritual picture.
It is a picture that
has bits and pieces
in many different religions
and spiritual cultures
around the world, some
perhaps more than others.
Christianity has a big
part of the picture.
There are many, many things
in the Bible that it turns out
are much more real
than we realize.
This whole concept that
you hear about in the Book
of Revelation, that the beast
will be ruling over the Earth.
Well it's a metaphor, and
it's talking about the cabal.
It's talking about this
centralized control
that's already there now.
But the Book of Revelation
doesn't end badly.
These tribulations--
some people are
expecting these horrible
things are going to happen.
And what they don't realize
is that those things
have been happening.
These symbols of the
breaking of the seals
and all this stuff, those are
things that are happening now.
They're metaphorical.
The Book of
Revelation should not
be taken as an
absolute literal thing.
But there are some people
who want to do that.
The big picture is
very, very fascinating.
Because the big picture tells
us that we are not alone,
and it tells us that those
prophecies in the Book
of Revelation are mirrored
in many ancient cultures
around the world.
Over 30 ancient cultures were
given information, probably
by extraterrestrials,
that are telling us
that we will be evolving into
some greater level of what
it means to be human.
And one of the people who
is of very high interest
is Namkhai Norbu.
I found this book that
Namkhai Norbu wrote
in approximately 1995 or '96.
I don't exactly remember.
And I read this before I had
any idea that any of this
had anything to do
with me personally.
The book is called "Dream
Yoga and the Practice
of Natural Light."
And what it
describes is a series
of meditative practices followed
by the Tibetans in which
their goal is to reach
that state between being
awake and being asleep.
Before you have a dream, before
you go into that other place
is also the state
between living and dying.
The death state is what
they call the "bardo."
But in between is something
they call the "Dzogchen,"
or the mother light.
That is the true primordial
essence of the universe.
It is without time,
and it is without form,
and it is identity.
Not just an identity,
but the identity
that the entire
universe is made from.
The great mystery is that
we are alive and conscious.
And therefore, consciousness
is a feature of the universe.
The latest, greatest
scientific models--
I've been talking about this
extensively in my other show
here on Gaiam TV,
"Wisdom Teachings"--
tell us that the universe
is all-blossoming in space
and time from a single
geometric unity.
That was first put forward by
Sir Roger Penrose in the 1970s.
And it was Nima Arkani-Hamed
and Jaroslav Trnka,
two scientists who only actually
proved this back in 2013.
In a long series of episodes
on "Wisdom Teachings,"
I have gone into
the scientific proof
that the universe is alive
and conscious, sentient
and intelligent,
and all of us are
in various stages of amnesia.
We have forgotten who we are.
And we have forgotten
what we're here for.
And there is a spiritual battle
playing out on Earth right now.
The cabal, these negative
forces in the governments,
is in fact a representation
of some greater
group that is fundamentally
spiritual in nature,
not physical.
There is a spiritual
group of what
you could call extraterrestrial
life that is manipulating
events here on Earth for their
benefit to create a fear farm.
>>BRET BAIER: I'm Bret
Baier in Washington,
and this is a Fox News alert.
A warning tonight about the
possibility of terror attacks.
>>DAVID: Because
they need our fear.
It's just like they need air
to breathe, water to drink,
and food to eat,
and money to spend.
It's literally that
important that if they
don't have that fear, they
would either die or have
to go to the positive path.
There are two paths
in the universe known
as the left-handed path,
or the negative path,
and the right-handed path,
or the positive path.
Namkhai Norbu was exposing the
essence of the positive path
and what happens when you follow
these teachings all the way.
Namkhai Norbu literally is
saying that Tibetan practices
lead to the activation
of a potential dormant
in every human being
that we can become what
they call the "rainbow body."
That we can actually transform
the matter and the material
of our physical bodies
into pure white light
and reunite ourselves
with the original essence
of our identity that the
universe is made from.
And there's a complex series of
meditations involved in this.
But most of them
deal with having
every thought in your
mind be a loving thought.
You view the events that happen
in your life in meditation
with the goal of forgiving
those who hurt you
and forgiving
yourself for the ways
that you hurt yourself and
the ways that you hurt others.
Now I want to be clear that this
is not just something that's
happening for these Olympic
athletes in the Himalayan
Mountains.
This is something that
the prophecies tell us.
And by prophecies I mean
Christianity, Hinduism,
Buddhism, Islam, Judaism, and
over 30 other ancient cultures
around the world.
Virtually every ancient
culture around the world
has essentially the same
gestalt of prophecy.
And the prophecy says that we
move directly into a golden age
after a certain period of
upheaval and transformation.
That upheaval is
happening to us right now.
We are living the
transformation.
We are experiencing in real
time the actual evolutionary
process.
There are pressures at work out
there in the world right now
that are cracking the shell we
have built around our hearts
to allow the love to come in.
And what will happen is that
our world becomes far more
sentient, far more conscious.
We're no longer going
to need to argue
with each other over my race
is better than your race,
my country is better
than your country,
my religion is better
than your religion.
I do ultimately
believe that we have
got to set this stuff aside.
The Tibetan Buddhists are very
big on transcending the ego,
transcending attachment.
In meditation, in compassion,
you cut the cords.
You visualize either
a knife or a sword
that you're cutting through
those cords that keep
you tethered to this world.
And one of the most
fascinating secret teachings
is that the only reason why
you or I see a visible universe
at all and perceive that
a visible universe exists
is because we have karma.
Because, to use
a Hebrew term, we
are the tikkun, the
shattered vessels of light.
We have not rebuilt
our light body.
This is one of the great
secrets in the mystery school
teachings.
They talk about the concept of
rebuilding Solomon's Temple.
They talk about the
quest for the Holy Grail.
These concepts refer to
the idea that your energy
body can be rebuilt. You
can seal the cracks off.
And you can hold a much higher
concentration of energy, which
ultimately they believe, leads
to the perfection of the flesh
to transform into spirit.
And it's very interesting that
the mystery schools believe
this the same way that many of
the great spiritual traditions
do.
And that those
people in the cabal,
those people who are ruling
the world financially,
also believe in this very much.
The cabal, the Illuminati,
doesn't want you to know that.
But these spiritual
whistleblowers
throughout history
are exposing the truth
about our true nature.
There is a great
thread of data that we
can follow that shows that
this actually is true.
The big picture is that
extraterrestrials do exist
and that most of the
people, if not almost all
of the people, who are
visiting the Earth at this time
have already been through this
rainbow body transfiguration.
They have reached the next
level of human evolution.
And at that level,
you know a lot more,
and you experience a
greater galactic community
that we're all living in.
You are no longer
stuck on one planet,
trapped inside the sandbox,
locked up in the reservation.
You get to go around
and see who's out there.
The greatest single
source of information
that I've ever found that has
woven a thread through all
the different whistleblowers
that I'm aware of
is the "Law of One" material.
Or what was originally called
in Book One, "The Ra Material."
Now some people really
bristle at the name Ra.
They say, my goodness, is this
some sort of Illuminati thing?
Ra, that sounds Egyptian.
That sounds evil.
That sounds bad.
That sounds negative.
What the source actually
says in this material
is that they are speaking
from a place in which they
are managing and transferring
planetary populations.
Pff, wow!
Like that mind blown, right?
[POW] My goodness.
Management and transfer
of planetary populations?
What are you talking about?
They literally are
responsible for governing
what happens on a given planet.
And they make it very
clear that their goal is
to uphold an illusion for us.
And that's the
illusion that there
is no actual higher power.
If it became obvious to us,
it would break the illusion.
Why wouldn't they want us to
know there's a higher power?
Why wouldn't they
want us to know
that everything is hunky-dory?
Because in the darkness,
in the confusion,
there is motivation to grow,
to change, to transform,
and to evolve.
What the "Law of One"
message ultimately says
is that the universe originally
was only one identity
and that it voluntarily
chose to divide itself
to create a visible universe.
In order to have the
experience of itself,
the universe, this
one mind, realized
that it needed to
create separate parts
and have those parts each
have their own free will.
Because if the parts
didn't have free will,
then literally the universe
is playing a puppet show,
and it's just
toying with itself.
So this concept is
very fascinating
because what it means
is that galaxies
are sentient organisms, and
they represent the original seed
life forms in our universe.
Galaxies, then, inform
and design a curriculum
of spiritual evolution
for all beings
within that galaxy to follow.
This includes stars.
This includes planets.
And then it includes
the sentient life forms
who grow on those planets.
And that is really where
the greatest work is done
is as a conscious,
sentient life form.
As we delve deeper into
the big picture of what
the "Law of One" has
to say, we find out
that the universe is absolutely
teeming with intelligent life.
Now this doesn't just mean
intelligent human life either.
Life also can be
in energetic form.
But one of the really
interesting things
that the "Law of One" says
is that the human design
for intelligent life is
remarkably widespread.
In fact, we are told
that 40% of the entire
cosmos-- all the galaxies,
all the stars, and the planets
around those stars
that are inhabited,
40% of them in the
entire universe
are hosting human
or hominid life.
And when I say hominid, I
mean a head, a face, two arms,
two legs.
And again, we've had
remarkable validation
of this from whistleblowers
because there
is a level of our
secret government,
the military-industrial complex,
in which these guys are having
direct contact with
extraterrestrials
who are visiting Earth.
It's not like it's
a big mystery.
It's not like the
government has just
had a few ships
crash here and there
and maybe some dead bodies
that they've stored away
in a funky warehouse that looks
kind of like where we are right
now.
Isn't that funny?
That's by design, of course.
And what this show is about
is revealing the truth.
So even though I'm talking
"Law of One" right now,
this is not going to be a long,
esoteric discourse on the "Law
of One" and its philosophy.
I already have a show
like that, and it's
called "Wisdom Teachings."
This show is about
getting down to specifics.
And again, the reason why
I'm giving you this overview
now is so that we
have a framework
for our philosophical and
our scientific, technical
discussion.
The "Law of One" series
gives us that framework,
and it shows us how
it all fits together
in this unified concept
of a spiritual reality.
The universe is alive
and intelligent.
And 40% of the entire
cosmos has chosen
to use the human form to
create an intelligent vehicle
for the creator to
experience itself,
to move through grades of
confusion, of not understanding
that we are unified
with the cosmos.
And that only comes as we
evolve through higher and higher
grades, much like a baby has to
crawl before it learns to walk.
We are learning to walk
in much the same way.
But it's in a spiritual sense
where we realize that there's
only one of us here.
And if you really
understood that,
if you could really
experience that identity,
how could you be
angry at someone?
How could you hate someone?
How could you feel badly about
anything that happens to you?
Because every
experience that you have
is part of your awakening.
It either is bringing you
closer to the goal of awakening
or farther away.
But regardless of
how that works,
even if you have to repeat the
same lessons many, many times,
it's all part of the
evolutionary process
that this universe was
designed to give us.
We are also told
by the "Law of One"
that life begins as
a biological form,
but it evolves into
increasingly energetic forms
as time goes by.
That is one of the most
important "Law of One"
teachings.
This flesh that we now have,
that we become so identified
with, that we
think that anything
that happens to our body is
our identity, and that's me.
That's not all there is.
There is something more
to you than a body.
And as you evolve, you become
an energetic being more than a
being of flesh and blood.
This is one of the great
"Law of One" teachings.
We are evolving into
an energetic life form.
We are taking steps
in our evolution that
leads to a much greater
level of attainment
than what we can do with
our flesh right now.
The "Law of One" also teaches
us that negative forces
are allowed to exist.
The real reason why the
negative forces are here
is that they provide
an incentive for us
to grow into becoming more
loving and evolved people.
And that is the greatest
function that they provide.
We are given
difficult experiences
not for this random
nasty reason.
Even if we die, we reincarnate.
That's a basic "Law
of One" teaching.
We keep coming back, and we
keep learning the same lessons.
And the "Law of
One" also tells us
that there is a
great deal of work
being done to maintain the
illusion that we are alone
in the universe, that
nobody's looking out for us,
that nobody's protecting us.
And this is important because
if a group like the group that
formed the Law of
One teachings or many
of these other positive
extraterrestrial groups
openly showed up and
said, here we are.
And demonstrated that they
could fly, and demonstrated
that they could levitate
objects with their minds,
and demonstrated
telepathic communication,
instantaneous healing,
just like we heard in the Bible,
what are people going to say?
Second coming.
The Messiah.
They're going to worship
those people as gods.
And that is not desired.
What we do desire is to
learn through experience.
And so there is a very carefully
manicured and tailored illusion
in our world that keeps
us somewhat confused.
But it's very important that
the seeds of our awakening
are planted so that we have the
opportunity to pierce the veil,
to remember who we really
are, and to directly
enter into the next level
of our own human evolution.
So how do all these seemingly
different topics tie together?
The common denominator
is the truth.
These topics are all hidden
truth the Illuminati does not
want you to know.
And on this program
we'll shine a light
on these great mysteries.
You have to remember too
that the "Law of One"
didn't just pop out of nowhere.
The "Law of One" was the
result of a pedigree of work
that had been built
up before that.
And one of the real
pioneers, if you will,
the fourth Beatle of the
Law of One is named George.
But instead of George Harrison,
it's George Hunt Williamson.
George Hunt Williamson
wrote books in the 1950s.
And he really was the beginning
of this movement in the UFO
field called the "Space
Brothers," the idea
that extraterrestrials
are benevolent,
that they look like
us, they look human,
and that they are trying to
bring us into a golden age.
It wasn't until the early 1960s
with the Betty and Barney Hill
UFO events that UFOs started
to go in the negative direction
and you start to
hear about grays
with large eyes and big heads.
And they do exist, but there
is so much more to the story.
There was almost a
solid decade where
all the stuff having
to do with UFOs focused
on the benevolent, positive
groups that were at work
out there.
And George Hunt
Williamson was definitely
the leader of that group.
George Hunt Williamson was also
working with a scientist named
WB Smith.
I've talked about him.
He's a Canadian defense engineer
who had a classified security
clearance.
And he did achieve
direct contact
with these benevolent
Space Brothers.
They literally came down and
landed and showed themselves
to him, as they did to
George Hunt Williamson.
So between these
two guys, we have
a lot that we can talk
about because in their books
from the 1950s, they described
experiencing a telegraph
contact with
extraterrestrials and UFOs.
And that contact led to
telepathic thought transfer
through a series of individuals.
WB Smith interviewed many people
and brought all that knowledge
together.
And we're going to talk a
lot more about him later on.
But I want to make
the point here
that Hunt Williamson and
Smith together brought out
so much information that
was of such high quality
that when you read
the information,
something happens
called "tuning."
You hear this knowledge.
You're thinking about
it in your own mind.
And what it actually does
is it raises your vibration,
as these sources
call it, and this
allows you ultimately to receive
your own telepathic contact.
I'm David Wilcock
here on Gaiam TV.
And as always, I thank
you for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]